Welcome to Mixed Messages!

Mixed Messages was an attempt by a few people in the Middle Tennessee area to highlight the distracted driving
epidemic by capturing perpetrators on film and making humourous episodes about them. While the content was great the
marketing was not, thus the project failed after a couple of years. You can check out an example of their great work
here: https://youtu.be/5OCak-CvKKA.

I volunteered to write the website for my friends in Mixed Messages because I was interested in learning and working
with Ruby on Rails. Even though all the content on the site belonges to them, as the sole developer/webmaster I ended
up learning much more than I thought I would. Not only did I integrate several common APIs such as YouTube and Shopify,
but I chose to create several commonly outsourced tasks from scratch (e.g. secure user profiles, user notifications,
and a comment system). I included email service both to and from an email group that I set up through the DNS provider.
Speaking of DNS providers, I learned how to navigate through layers of the Internet I hadn't thought much about before.
I dealt with hosting services, passed through Cloudflare, bounced data through AWS, and auto-encoded user submitted
videos. Oh, I also integrated user submissions of videos along with admin-managed content tagging system.

Overall, I'm very proud of the work we accomplished through this journey. Unfortunately, everything must come to an end and the
website is no longer supported. It is not hosted anywhere and most of the functionality is now defunct. With no Shopify
cart, no S3 bucket, no carrierwave for user submissions, no active email accounts, and very few YouTube videos remaining,
you will get some errors as you try to navigate the site. This is not expected to change. But if you happen to come
across this repo at some point and you either love it or hate it that much, feel free to let me know either on github
or by emailing me at thedevjem@gmail.com.

Here to play around with it? This product is covered by the MIT License, so feel free.

You'll need Ruby 2.2 and the bundler gem
Clone the code > use Ruby 2.2 and do bundle install > use 'rake db:migrate' > use 'rake db:seed' > 'rails s' >
navigate to the provided localhost page. You can log in with a default user of 'guest' and password 'password' to
check out the available site administration options.
Check out the super-fun Easter egg by clicking on the copyright notice at the bottom!

Have fun!

Mixed Messages was a website devloped solely by DevJem and featured:

* Custom blog CRUD operations with WYSIWYG editor
* Custom Site Administrator actions
* Custom user-comment CRUD operations on blogs and videos that can be flagged and deleted
* Custom user profiles with warnings and bans
* Searchable user database
* Accepted user video submissions
* Auto-encoded user submitted videos
* Custom user-notifications system
* Gmail API integration
* YouTube API integration
* Shopify API integration
* AWS S3 storage
* Content tagging system
* Automated deployment using Capistrano
* And more!


MIT License

Copyright (c) 2019 DevJem

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.